at the restaurant
m
here is your dance table and I count
our lack
me
thank you very much here is the menu for
miss and for sir thank you for
that please
I'm really hungry really hungry and you
Yes me too
sir yes
did you choose yes yes miss
do you want an entry yes
like andré lip service this
rapper please very well and
for you sir then concentrated I
will choose the snails excellent choice
thank you
miss you want a dish
main
haha
and
as their main I would like
integrate this group and some oils
are you want
senior
so can you
soon
well yes please very well and
for you sir I will order
royal couscous please a
excellent choice would you like to drink
something or miss friends like
drink
I do not know what I wanted
know how to speak with the good we
have a bordeaux house excellent yes
it's a good day to give you
towards please and for you
gentleman
so I will order a
a beer please and I
a heineken nano framing very well and
if we could have at the sign a pitcher
absolutely hostile water
yes of course do you want a little too
dessert validation yes as dessert you
would stay cream please
House specialty
and for you sir and I
will order the chocolate mousse
please very well with two
spoons of course quite
thank you so much
it looks good
his lawyer
I heard that food is
very good here very very good
it's this pack yeah yeah
for madam the glass of bordeaux house
and for Mr. li na she thank you
many eagerly felt thank you
kaiko i would like to toast to 12
hours yes one to another a host
I really very weird good it's not
health health